Add a section on exceptions to the Daml intro (#9832)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/daml/intro/8_Exceptions.rst

.. Copyright (c) 2021 Digital Asset (Switzerland) GmbH and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

8 Exception Handling
====================

The default behavior in Daml is to abort the transaction on any error

> and rollback all changes that have happened until then. However, this

Reviewer: I looked it up and it turns out English is weird: "rollback" is the noun form, and "roll back" is the verb form. (It's just like "login" vs "log in".)

```suggestion
and roll back all changes that have happened until then. However, this
```

Author: > I looked it up and it turns out English is weird:

who could have thought :slightly_smiling_face:

is not always appropriate. In some cases, it makes sense to recover
from an error and continue the transaction instead of aborting it.

One option for doing that is to represent errors explicitly via
``Either`` or ``Option`` as shown in :doc:`3_Data`. This approach has
the advantage that it is very explicit about which operations can fail
and which cannot. However, it also has some downsides. First, it can
be invasive for operations where aborting the transacton is often the
desired behavior, e.g., changing division to return ``Either`` or an
``Option`` to handle division by zero would be a very invasive change
and many callsites might not want to handle the error case explicitly.
Second, and more importantly, this approach does not allow rolling
back ledger actions that have happened up to this point: If a contract
got created before we hit the error, there is no way to undo this.

Exceptions provide a way to handle certain types of errors in a

> non-invasive way and allow to rollback parts of the transaction that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
non-invasive way and to roll back parts of the transaction that
```
